docs/message.md, before:

# Message
The Message class represents an individual message sent in either a GroupMe group, or a direct message

## Fields
The following fields are available to access on objects of the Message class
+ `chat` - A string containing the name of the chat in which the message was sent (either the group name or the user name of the other user in a direct message)
+ `id` - A string containing the message's internal GroupMe message ID
+ `author` - A string containing the name of the user who sent the message
+ `author_profile_picture_url` - A string containing the URL of the message author's profile picture
+ `time_epoch` - An integer containing the point in time at which the message was sent, formatted as an epoch timestamp
+ `time` - A string containing the point in time at which the message was sent, formatted as "MM/dd/yyyy hh:mm:ss a"
+ `text` - A string containing the text of the message
+ `is_group` - A boolean flag indicating if the message was sent in a group versus a direct message
+ `img_urls` - A list of strings containing the URLs for all images included in the message
+ `emoji_mappings` - The charmap entries for any GroupMe powerup emojis used in the message. See the [GroupMe Docs](https://dev.groupme.com/docs/v3)
and the [GroupMe emoji docs](https://github.com/groupme-js/GroupMeCommunityDocs/blob/master/emoji.md) for more info. Defaults to `None` type if no powerup emojis
are used in the message
+ `reply_message_id` - A string containing the id of the message to which the given message is a reply to. If the message is not a reply, this field has the value `None`

## Methods
The following methods may be called on objects of the Message class:
```
get_emoji_links(resolution)
```
Downloads the image files corresponding to each powerup emoji used in the message, to the current working directory of the script, and returns a `List` containing the full URLs to
each of the downloaded local files.

**Parameters**:
+ `resolution` - *Optional*. An integer representing the resolution option to use when downloading the emoji image files:
  + 1: 160dpi
  + 2: 240dpi (default)
  + 3: 320dpi
  + 4: 480dpi
  + 5: 640dpi
```
replied_message()
```
Returns a `Message` object corresponding to the message to which the current message is a reply. Returns `None` if the current message is not a reply, or if the message being replied
to could not be found.

Commit message:

Add download/delete emoji file functionality

docs/message.md, after:

# Message
The Message class represents an individual message sent in either a GroupMe group, or a direct message

## Fields
The following fields are available to access on objects of the Message class
+ `chat` - A string containing the name of the chat in which the message was sent (either the group name or the user name of the other user in a direct message)
+ `id` - A string containing the message's internal GroupMe message ID
+ `author` - A string containing the name of the user who sent the message
+ `author_profile_picture_url` - A string containing the URL of the message author's profile picture
+ `time_epoch` - An integer containing the point in time at which the message was sent, formatted as an epoch timestamp
+ `time` - A string containing the point in time at which the message was sent, formatted as "MM/dd/yyyy hh:mm:ss a"
+ `text` - A string containing the text of the message
+ `is_group` - A boolean flag indicating if the message was sent in a group versus a direct message
+ `img_urls` - A list of strings containing the URLs for all images included in the message
+ `emoji_mappings` - A nested list containing the charmap entries for any GroupMe powerup emojis used in the message. See the [GroupMe Docs](https://dev.groupme.com/docs/v3)
and the [GroupMe emoji docs](https://github.com/groupme-js/GroupMeCommunityDocs/blob/master/emoji.md) for more info. Defaults to `None` type if no powerup emojis
are used in the message
+ `emoji_replacement_char` - A string containing the character that is substituted into the message for each powerup emoji
+ `emoji_urls` - A list of URLs to local image files for each powerup emoji used in the message. For performance reasons, due to the fact that image files must be downloaded and stored
locally, this starts as `None`, so it is unusable. Users wishing to use the powerup emoji images can populate this field with the `download_emojis()` function.
+ `reply_message_id` - A string containing the id of the message to which the given message is a reply to. If the message is not a reply, this field has the value `None`

## Methods
The following methods may be called on objects of the Message class:
```
download_emojis(resolution)
```
Downloads the image files corresponding to each powerup emoji used in the message, to the current working directory of the script, and populates the `emoji_urls` field with a list of
the full URLs to each of the downloaded local files.

**Parameters**:
+ `resolution` - *Optional*. An integer representing the resolution option to use when downloading the emoji image files:
  + 1: 160dpi
  + 2: 240dpi (default)
  + 3: 320dpi
  + 4: 480dpi
  + 5: 640dpi
```
delete_local_emojis()
```
Cleans up all downloaded local emoji image files, and resets the `emoji_urls` field to `None`
```
replied_message()
```
Returns a `Message` object corresponding to the message to which the current message is a reply. Returns `None` if the current message is not a reply, or if the message being replied
to could not be found.
